
## Cancellation of Premium Services and the Refund

1. In the case that the Premium Services You subscribe to do not include the automatic renewal, the Premium Services terminate automatically at the end of the Premium Services billing cycle for which You have paid. You understand and agree that You will not receive any refund or reimbursement for the Premium Services if You choose to cancel the Premium Services prior to the due date of the billing cycle for which You have paid. The Premium Services You have subscribed to will still terminate at the end of the Premium Services billing cycle for which You have paid.

2. In the case that the Premium Services You subscribe to include the automatic renewal, You may choose to cancel the automatic renewal. To cancel the automatic renewal, You have to request a cancellation before the Premium Services billing cycle which You are in and for which You have paid is due. If the cancellation is successful, Your Premium Services will terminate at the end of the Premium Services billing cycle which You are in and for which You have paid, and will not renew automatically starting from the subsequent billing cycle. If the fee for the subsequent billing cycle has already been withdrawn from the payment account that you authorized when You requested the cancellation, You can request a refund for the subsequent billing cycle following the rules in "(1)", and "(2)" below. To cancel the Premium Services including the automatic renewal, You shall request the cancellation following the rules below:
* 1.  If Your Premium Services are billed on a monthly basis, and You have not used any of the Premium Services within 7 days from the start of a new billing cycle, You may request the cancellation of the Premium Services and the automatic renewal within 7 days from the start of such billing cycle. If such a cancellation is approved by Us, We will refund the fee for such billing cycle. If You fail to request the cancellation within 7 days from the start of such billing cycle or have already used the Premium Services within 7 days from the start of such billing cycle, the fee for such billing cycle will NOT be refunded. However, You can still request the cancellation of the automatic renewal under such circumstances. If the cancellation of the automatic renewal is successful, Your Premium Services will thus stop renewing automatically, and the Premium Services will terminate at the end of such billing cycle.

* 2. If Your Premium Services are billed on an annual basis, You can request the cancellation within 7 days after You have purchased the Premium Services or within 7 days after the start of a new billing cycle. If such a cancellation is approved by Us, We will refund You the fee for such a billing cycle. If You fail to request the cancellation within 7 days after You have purchased the Premium Services or from the start of such billing cycle, the fee for such billing cycle will NOT be refunded. However, You can still request the cancellation of the automatic renewal under such circumstances. If the cancellation of the automatic renewal is successful, Your Premium Services and the automatic renewal will stop at the end of such billing cycle.

* 3. To cancel the automatic renewal, You may log in to Your account on the Privatech website, visit Your "Account info" on the "User Center" site, and click "Disable auto-renew". If You subscribed via Google Pay or Apple Pay, the cancellation can be requested at the Play Console or Subscriptions at Google Pay or Apple Pay. More information can be read on the website article, and We will proceed with such cancellation according to 2, IV of this Agreement.

* 4. Provided that the conditions stated in 2, IV of this Agreement are met, the refund will be sent back to Your payment account within 30 working days after Your cancellation request is approved. Please make sure that Your payment account is valid for use. Otherwise, We are not responsible for any failure of refund or Your failure to receive the refund arising from the invalidity of Your payment account.